no no no shit I got shotgun
scigirl yes wave oh y'all fake thugs out
there knees start acting real magnets
ain't no game playing man when you see
teacher I really hate furniture oh my
god backflip doe
hey guys I'm Scott P o box send me mail
I'm gonna be opening it on my YouTube
ma'am will you marry me
we marry me
well it's good you just even do oh hey
guys if used to like a move on button
the same time in vine I come with change
colors
whoa away who cares
they say love is in the air wake up it's
Christmas we got much Christmas maybe
you forgot your pants hey dude you know
that
so she's the ugliest girl I've ever seen
in my life all y'all hoes need to get
out the club before ham and turkey ass
the church need Jesus how agents name
their children but he won't go roster
today